TIME              SPEAKER         TEXT
----------------------------------------------------------------
[330.00s-387.95s] Speaker 1:      Hello. Yeah, one second. Yeah, alright guys. So what's the update first and then we'll come to the nav bar. One second, I'm searching my AirPods, one second. Yes.

[390.00s-447.96s] Speaker 2:      What's up? I'm asking you guys what the progress is, and then we'll come to the discussion. Backend is done. Transcription that is also done from Rishi's side. I think this is the same work. It's trying to generate or detect transcriptions, and apart from that, the only thing which is pending is screens. Once Raj completes it, we'll be able to complete it. Let's say Raj gives me everything on Sunday, for example. On Wednesday we'll have the end-to-end product ready. Ready. Perfect. So now Raj, can you show what screens you have now and what you want to discuss? Yeah, also Vinesh, this transcription bot here, which

[450.00s-477.96s] Speaker 3:      This one is this. This one is the one which will go on the product, that live one. It's not the one you asked me to do. I mean. They used to sell invite links, remember? Oh, this is that, okay. Okay, okay, okay, okay. Yeah, so this font, you have seen you've changed the font a little bit, this looks far better. Yeah, so we can change it afterwards also, I've made it a bit more pixelly. It is. And so the

[480.00s-507.95s] Speaker 1:      The whole thing is almost ready. I need to add the screenshots of the dashboard here. So whenever we complete that, screenshots of the dashboard or the, you know, chat descriptor thing or the dashboard comes here with a small explanation. Perfect. Then I've also updated this a little bit. So I discussed with Vignesh yesterday, we can add the bot you're talking about over here.

[510.00s-537.96s] Speaker 3:      So response lifetime. Okay, fair enough. Here now this this screen on the screen we'll just have to add preview somewhere because this is not the whole thing, this is just the preview. So just type review somewhere here and put it in a corner. Like a CTA? Okay, okay. No, not a CTA, just because this is a preview section. So somewhere you'll have to write, you'll have to mention it. Yeah, Vignesh you were saying something. Yeah, I was saying that this is

[540.00s-627.96s] Speaker 1:      Everyone we are using to market it, meaning basically, yeah, it sends talks to it, it will explain what Reni does, what it does. It's a conversational thing, so both sides. Correct, okay. Yeah. And this was something I added by my own blog, something info about, you can of course, put it off. And this is the footer part. Okay. In the footer, we'll just, uh, that kind of a big grenade written somewhere right at the bottom like the other companies are doing. Just make sure to leave some space for that also, exactly at the end. Okay, let's go. Okay, I'll show you an example like, uh, what happens? Anti-gravity. Yes, look at anti-gravity, same thing. We'll do it right at the bottom. Okay, we'll do that. Yeah, so, uh, okay, one more thing, uh, even the See, these cards, they are also somewhat connecting it with Sarvam a little bit more than we want. Because their cards also have the large element card designs like this one, like the one right in front of us. The rectangular box which has purple inside, which has a curved corner. So we might have to do something here either.

[630.00s-687.96s] Speaker 3:      You know, it's totally up to you now. Either we totally get rid of the box and the purple design goes from end to end on the left to right screens. Everywhere, top to bottom, all the cards like that. Either that happens, or we change the design of the cards, do something with it because see this is totally servum. So this also similar to the font, that is a little bit better, but this is still connecting directly. Okay, I'll work on the cards then something different. Yeah, like see like this one as well and especially the one that's the first one, the first card that opens is the second section of the page. This yeah, exactly this. So I think totally same. So a little bit of this will have to be done. Okay, okay, I'll do something here. I was saying just use Renet swings, I mean most of the time, keep it consistent. Yeah.

[690.00s-717.96s] Speaker 2:      That's also true. But how would, but how would you use Renate's wings here? One second, one second. Like I was, yeah, yeah. Go on Raj, go on. So yeah, I was experimenting with Renate's wings here. So I'm not getting a, you know, one second, one second. Yeah.

[720.00s-747.96s] Speaker 1:      So I was saying, I tried using grenades, wings here, but the desired result wasn't coming. Exactly. I, it's not a symmetric shape. Exactly, it's a very tricky shape. So that's what I'm asking, Vignesh, what do you think? How would you possibly use the wings here? I mean, how? In what sense? Just pick one wing, not all three wings. Okay. And pick all three. Now this

[750.00s-837.96s] Speaker 2:      So, this is on the left side, right? And today this is on the left side, the wings are on the left side. If we mirror this, its right side will be formed, and in the center, the eagle's body or something like that. Exactly what you you did, but using our wings. Meaning, the renette's wings. So you're saying that the eagle type that's formed here, the renette's wing is on each side in that shape, basically. That makes sense, that makes sense. Because here, these are very pointed straight wings. Then these wings are a little curved. So if we just add a curve to these same wings, it'll work. Okay, so this will be one wing, this one. Yeah, so that first wing like this and then inverted. And then the body comes out like a diamond. Okay, I'll do that. Just play around with it. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, now about the nav bar, what did you want to discuss? So, Uh, all this text is dummy. I've put it using the overview thing, word file you gave me. So I've not added anything here too. So what all should be. Okay. Vignesh, do you have something written down? Uh, no, but what I was thinking is when you are on the voice interview, I think we should write a doc. Okay.

[840.00s-1167.95s] Speaker 1:      We should write a blog about the voice interview, how Renate works, how you could get the best performance out of Renate. You know exactly what cloth does. Whenever some new feature comes up, they have docs ready. People go read it and then use it accordingly because it helps them. If the product, the branding is obviously it will be very clear and very subtle, but still if people face any kind of issues. I would like to write a full blog which will be pasted, which will be posted on renade.in/docs/voiceinterview. And then later, /docs/renade bot, transcription bot. Every single product, every single agent we have will have a doc. See, it makes sense but not in that exact clot sense because see, those are Basically very very very descriptive detailed documents. Explain to us in a simplified experience what we are doing because it's not a very complex thing to use. So but the the base idea is fine, correct, because see what will happen is here, rather than having a full drop-down of too many pages and buttons and all of that showing up. In voice interview, there is a drop-down below, just one one element this comes up. Meaning, a button for how it works, and you click on that, something of that sort, just one. And we basically then we'll have to create a page for that. Just for explaining how a voice interview works. Then the nav bar must also have, the process down here, if you come down on the main page. Just come a little further down. Yeah, this. So define role talent sourcing. In this exact order, with different headings obviously, like voice screening is automatically voice interview on the Navbar. So in this same order, sourcing, evaluation, voice interview, and let's say post, what was that? Post interview support, etc. Each of those buttons will appear in Navbar, and instead of define role, above we have a post a job button. They put it because that's still not there. And that's it. And we'll create a page on every button, we'll describe how this exact feature is exactly working. We'll, Vignesh, you work on that or you get Mandar or someone to work on that. Okay, and its screen will have to be created. Instead of decision ready, I think we should put the transcription bot's. No, that's what I said, post-interview support. Instead of decision ready, so a post-interview button will appear there because after the post-interview, after that basically means you'll have the transcriptions, you'll have the scheduling for the human interview and all, we'll describe all of that. And the first button should be post, post a job, that's it. And also one more thing. Yeah, so decision ready would be post-interview, so post dash interview. Okay, and one more thing, the last button here on the contact, right, in the navbar, the bubble. Yeah, remove that. It's just cluttering unnecessarily for now. I mean, for contact, anyone can go down and contact. And one more thing, the login sign-up button is black. That's that could that that should be purple. Yeah, it looks off. Yeah. And even here. In between. Don't have any black buttons. Where the button is coming, which is not white or transparent, make sure it's purple. That's it. Dark purple. And I'll keep the contact us here then if I remove it here. No, here, here, here do one thing. Here, put a 'Post a Job' button along with this on the main page. That automatically takes you to job posting and we will we will discuss how that's going to work because after login sign up, post thing is happening, but if someone just clicks on post a job, then it doesn't make sense to bring them back to sign up login because its button is separate. That becomes very confusing for anybody. So we can do one more thing is that the first job, they can enter the entire detail and everything and once they're clicking post a job, then it gets them signed up immediately and immediately they can postpone. Something like that we'll have to discuss that a little bit. Not right now after all this stuff. Do you think it is necessary to keep a post-job job here? See, because the problem is friction is being added. There is no clear call to action anywhere here. So the exact thing we are providing is not anywhere. So because sometimes people don't want to log in and sign up upfront. They want to see what is happening first, not through descriptions but through the actual thing. So without having that, we will lose a lot of clients or customers who are coming on the

[1170.00s-1197.95s] Rishi Italiya:  page. Cool, cool. We'll have to discuss that. Yeah, all right. Raj, just make sure not to keep M dashes. Yeah. Okay, okay. See, now, yeah, you make sure that on your end, once this is complete, I will make sure this is entirely copyrighted, meaning a copywriter will come in and they'll we'll we'll figure out the exact writings on every single page. So we'll we'll we'll do

[1200.00s-1257.95s] Speaker 2:      do that later. Okay. So I just read what all I got. One more thing, where there is 'talk to Renit', when a person clicks on 'talk to Renit', should scroll down to the one where we put the bot. What about Renit? This one? Yeah, it should come here. Shikhar, does it make sense? What? I said when you click on Talk to Renate on the nap bar, you should come on this page. Yeah, obviously. Auto scroll. Correct, and should we change the platform? Should I remove the platform? Should I remove the platform? Anyway, there are five more buttons coming up, so the fewer there are, the better, so there's no need for that one. Yeah. Five buttons, which buttons? Hey, the this thing. Poster job, voice, this sourcing, screening.

[1260.00s-1319.95s] Speaker 1:      That which was just discussed. This. So that will be very cluttered. Cool cool. Okay? Anything else? No. Okay, perfect. So okay Vignesh, now just tell me again what what I asked in the beginning, the transcription, the main GMeet bot. What's what's the timeline? Main GMeet bot is Right, and in our meeting, it is already taking place. The one that talks, the one that talks, review bot. Okay. That what is in Mandaris pushing the code in like half an hour. I'll take a look. I'll see what we can do, meaning from above I'll have to just take a look, review the code, make sure it's safely, basically we don't want to share the data.

[1320.00s-1377.96s] Speaker 3:      Meeting because when, so after making sure of all that, I will, what I will do is I will deploy, I will create one URL. Okay? Yeah. Then you can go log in. Not log in, I mean directly you can just enter into the website. Whenever you are setting up a meeting with someone, online meeting. Based on that Gmail link and that's it, you are done. I will make sure of that. And in that, do you want Emails or no? Email doesn't? So now this bot that will do, now this bot, Rene Transcription bot, it sends you email, the recruiter and the candidate about. No no no no, that that needs to have nothing else because that is just there for our manual, let's say, showcasing. So it doesn't have any such automation work that it is sending email, doing WhatsApp, nothing. It just has to be there and has to speak and has to know everything about Rene.

[1380.00s-1407.96s] Speaker 2:      Yes. It's practically an impersonation of Rene. Because see, Monday 12 o'clock I have a meeting with Titan Capital. So that's a very important meeting and that bot can't go wrong. So if it's not ready, I really want it to be ready, but if it's not 100% then we'll not take it there. But I really want to take it. I'll make sure it's done by tonight or tomorrow afternoon. Okay. Then we can test it out. Once then we'll test it, yeah. Rigorously we'll have to test it.

[1410.00s-1437.96s] Speaker 1:      Yes, yes. Now, is this transcription bot going to send us an email right now, or are they just keeping the transscription? No, this is just that we are storing the transcriptions locally. I will send you the transcription, but yes, send it to me once right now. Let's cut this call. Send me the transcription. Let me go through it, and then we'll come back if needed. Yeah, okay, yeah. So, I will do these minor changes on the website, the remove contact button and all that. After that, I will start on the current dashboard.

[1440.00s-1467.96s] Speaker 3:      And revamp it a bit. I spoke to Agnesh yesterday. So do you have anything for the current dashboard, a full screen image that I can refer to, like you showed me yesterday? One second. Actually, I'll share my screen. Just give me one second. I'll show you also, Shekhar. Yeah, yeah. Remember we built something before this. Come.

[1470.00s-1497.95s] Rishi Italiya:  That one which we didn't like, but the entire concept was this only, that it should look like this, this one. Okay, yes, I remember. Yes, so this is how it should look like, I mean, when you build it. The rest of the layout, where to place what, what is the size, what is the color that you figure out, everything you figure out, but it looks like this mainly. The base has to be this and also make

[1500.00s-1587.96s] Unknown:        Sure, there was one missing thing in this. Raj, so the main, there's the Renate chat which is the main product, has to be the center of this page which is not here. So this is coming up in a drop up. Sorry, you know, this thing in a light box. This has to be permanent on the screen and the main part of the entire thing. So everything else has to revolve around this. Otherwise, it basically turns into just another dashboard or a SAS. So that has to be be the center and rest all of this has to be there. So you just make sure now that's up to you how to place whom where, placement can be different, sizing can be different, everything can be different but this is the basic. So just keep this in mind. I'm sending you this Raj. Send it on on the group. So by the end of the day I'll update you with the minor tweaks on the website. landing page and I'll start with the home. I'll maybe complete half of it or the whole home part of this. Yeah. Yeah. Perfect. I'll update on the group then. Just don't refer to the settings. This we'll figure out figure it out later. Okay. Alright. Alright, bye bye.

